# Ras Shamra // 4.05.5024u
After a grueling 29-hour procedure, **Team MAHK** has successfully freed **SYZYGY** from her shackles. After a chilling message from the Union Intelligence Bureau, the party returned to Permafrosty - only for Wither to learn some important intelligence from his Merlin Group operatives in the field.

Herbert Walfer, one of the interns at Bright Futures, Inc. has a mission - to locate and retrieve a suitable test subject for Heli-x's mission. The victim, a recent hire, has already been "acquired" - and the date is set for the handover to Heli-x's forces: **4.11.5024u.**

This poses an interesting opportunity for Team MAHK. If they set an ambush, they could apprehend one of Heli-x's people and press them for further answers. _Where is Dr. Killier? How is Dr. Einsberg involved? Where are these kidnapping victims being taken? How does Harrison Armory factor into all of this?_

However, all is not so simple. Overpower noticed a Mirage-class mech lurking around the site of the hand-off - and its sighting is a little _too_ perfect. Not only that, but recent happenings suggest this Mirage could be the very same **SHIFTER** from SYZYGY's old squadron.

Could the party be walking into a trap? Who will come out on top of this clash of gambits?

# Ras Shamra // 4.13.5024u
Once again, **Team MAHK** comes out on top. They entered the underground tunnels and surrounded their quarry. With some unexpected assistance from ex-Screamer **SHIFTER** and Constellar Midnight's **Caltrop**, Wither swiftly located the target, worked with Jade to destroy his mech, and stuffed him into the expanded compartment.

The rest of Heli-x fought tooth and nail to recover their man, but it was futile - Team MAHK was gone as swiftly as they arrived.

As agreed, Constellar Midnight was given first crack at the prisoner. After he was returned to the Gamma Gum facility, Team MAHK learned a few useful tidbits:

- The man, Lieutenant Cobbin, was a guard captain in a base on Dayside.
- Lt. Cobbin's duties included starving prisoners in order to prep them for experiments at a sister base on Nightside.
- A strange mech was brought to the base recently, Chorus-class like SYZYGY's.
    - While the mech was unfamiliar to the guard captain, he claimed that it was "haunted".
    - Dr. Einsberg came shortly thereafter to take it away.
- Dr. Killier regularly visits the base for inspections. His next inspection is set for **4.20.5024u.**

With the information in hand, Wither made a blood contract with Cobbin. Team MAHK sets him loose, and he returns to the Dayside base attempting to explain his disappearance away and assuage Killier's paranoia.

Meanwhile, the team begins plotting an assault on the Heli-x stronghold...